Its 7:23am, and I can't remember the last time I woke up this early I just woke from a dream...

It was some sort of graduation (probibly college) so there was a sense of congradulation among us and our friends. However, there was also some sense of worry for me and brooke, like we had done something the others might find out. This was never really explained in the dream, but was a driving emotional theme.

Brooke had been saying for the weeks leading up to this 'graduation' that she had lived long enough, and she wanted to go while she still had dignity. This was always said with a joking tone, but also while she wouldn't make eye contact with me. It worried me, but it worried me in the same way that brooke used to say "If I was pregnant, I probibly wouldn't get an abortion, I would probibly just kill myself", again, as a sort-of joke, but I don't know...

Finally this 'graduation' comes and while I am parking and looking for brooke I can't find her. I got no texts and she wasn't responding to the ones I was sending, but I kept thinking she would arrive eventually. Anyways, then I get swept up into the ceremony (emily, other folks, even mr hoptkins is there) and as it is happening I just kindof get frozen in the mounting anxiety at the fact that brooke has still not shown up. When it is over I am sort-of shaking, not doing anything, and thinking myself in circles, you know? It suddenly hits me how real this is, and I take out my phone to start franticly texting brooke not to do anything, telling her how much I love and need her, and begging her not to do anything. None of my texts go through, because her phone is off. There is only one text, from her, from during the time of the ceremony. I can see it now, even though I woke a bit ago, I can see the black text on the grey bubble. It was one word:

static

It was and is obvious to me the intended meaning, and I shot awake at the notion. In case it is not obvious to the future reader, she sent 'static' as in 'tv static', or how she was experiencing her own death. I just know that her last words would be trying to relay that experience, with the same scientific and psychadelic determination with witch she documents her drug use. 'Static'. It was other poetic meaning, ovcourse, static as in frozen (frozen I was by my worry, unable to grasp the reality of brookes claims), perhaps even, at least to me, static in the programming sense, that 'all atributes are shared among us' and that 'if one of us is to change ourselves, that attribute propegates among us all'.

Throughout this whole dream there was all this other information that I 'knew' (as you do in dreams, that extra 6th sense of emotional or informational awareness). I knew it was heroin, I knew she had a bit of trouble attaning and applying it, I knew she died sitting up in her bed in hanover, and... I knew that she loved me.

I don't know, this whole things got me kinda fucked up. I suppose its pretty weak, but I was out of my mind when I woke up, and just profoundly relieved when I turned over and she was there, still alive, sleeping next to me. I don't know how much longer I could have taken it, if she had gone to work before I had the dream, and I awoke to an empty bed, I don't know how much longer I could have lived in that reality.

I'm good now, but I still can't fully shake my guilt. Why was I frozen with fear? Why couldn't I modivate myself to DO something? If I thought something was wrong, why didn;t I leave the graduation, and find brooke? Go to her house? Or at least fucking call her! I don't know, I just feel really ashamed that I didn't do more...

At least its over. Brooke, if you are reading this I love you so much. I want to grow old with you. I know we talk about never wanting to get too elderly, but as long as I have you, I will still want to be around, I think.

Whoosh, my last night dream was about finding a cool crt, and finding ders and appartment. Atleast I got that extra level of journal emotion I was looking for... sheesh...

